feat(config-lerna-scopes): support yarn workspaces (#2149)
conventional-changelog/commitlint: @commitlint/config-lerna-scopes/readme.md

# @commitlint/config-lerna-scopes

> Shareable `commitlint` config enforcing lerna/yarn package/workspace names as scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shareable `commitlint` config enforcing lerna package and yarn workspaces names as scopes.
```

Author: updated and removed reference to `yarn`
